MS1 basic project README + build script (#80)
ProximaEPFL/proxima: README.md

Imagine a social app that encourages people to visit interesting places instead of staying at home.
It allows people to share posts, but with a catch: one has to physically move to the place the post was published in order to read it.

## Core Functionality

- **Split App Model**: Utilizes Google Firebase for storing and retrieving posts and comments, ensuring content is up-to-date and accessible.
- **User Support**: Requires account creation for posting (Google Sign-In), promoting a secure and personalized user experience.
- **Sensor Use**: Integrates GPS tracking to display posts within 100m of the user's current location, making content relevant and localized.
- **Offline Mode**: Caches posts for offline access, allowing users to view nearby content without an internet connection.

## User Interface Design

Link to the [Penpot Project](https://design.penpot.app/#/view/93d0ad32-dfe5-8194-8004-0171998eeabe?page-id=76cd5706-e69f-8069-8004-1a1578d3f0c7&section=interactions&index=25&share-id=a9010c45-753d-8133-8004-2d801bdcf756&interactions-mode=show) (view mode only).

## Project Architecture Diagram

Here is the first architecture diagram of the application for MS1.

> This should give a quick reference/overview on the overall architecture and the relations between the different screens, data sources, and internal state of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should give a quick reference/overview of the overall architecture and the relations between the different screens, data sources, and internal states of the application.
```
